I'll see who dares to move one
I Yang Feilong
Die today
The notice went down and got it. Yes.
My Chen family took out 10 billion reward
Many people 20,000 gathered are now coming to Ouyang's house
I'd like to see what you fight with me
Kid ant
He is an ant
I'm standing right in front of you
Do you dare touch a hair of mine?
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Rely on this woman?
You thought you were the only one with bodyguards
I don't have it?
Ignorance what do you say
I say you are ignorant
Your people can't even touch a brick or tile in Nancheng
Do you think I pulled out of the hospital because I was afraid of you?
I Ouyang Feilong
Are you afraid of you?
What do you mean?
Trying to scare me
Who do you think you are?
Hahahahaha
Mm, who am I?
In fact, you come and tell him who I am
Sitting in front of you
It is the temple of the Emperor's Palace
Eyeless thing
Who are the Big Three?
In our eyes, they are nothing.
Emperor Zun Hall owner
Hahahahaha
That's not possible.
Absolutely impossible
Then speak with facts
don't know
Notify Hongyan Financial Station to open